**Jump to:**

[[_TOC_]]

# Collection overview

Name: `e.g Support handover example`

Type: `Web|Meta|Custom|Push|Database|Local|Filecopy`

Purpose: *Describe "why" this collection exists*

>>>
__TODO__: Populate the above with the relevant information.
>>>

# Non-standard use of best bets, synonyms, curator

The following describes non standard use of bets bets, synonyms and curator rules:

>>>
__TODO:__

* List of best bets and/or synonyms automatically generated by a workflow script or a 3rd party system (as opposite to manually entered by the user)
* Especially complex Curator rules with their purpose

This section can be removed if only standard best bets, synonyms and curator rules are used.
>>>

## Integration of remote content by Funnelback templates

The URLs requested by the Funnelback templates (typically to get headers / footers for pages):

| Collection: Template | Function | Included URL |
| ---      |  ------  |--------- |
| simple.ftl   | Retrieve the page header to use for search results   | `https://client.com/static/search-header.html` |
| simple.ftl   | Retrieve the page footer to use for search results   | `https://client.com/static/search-footer.html` |

>>>
__TODO__: Populate the above table with the relevant information.

This section can be removed if the collection does not use any remote includes.
>>>

# External metadata source

>>>
__TODO__:Describe why external metadata is being used and how it is being generated. For example:

* Manually crafted to drive faceted navigation.
* Retrieved from a 3rd party system such as Matrix to populate pdf metadata.
* Generated via scripts / HTTP requests.
* Other.

This section can be removed if the collection does not use external metadata.
>>>

# Templates overview

Please refer to each freemarker template for a description of their purpose.  

>>>
__TODO__: At the top of each freemarker template, describe the purpose
and dependencies using freemarker comments.

i.e.

```html
<#--
  This template determines how event documents types are displayed to the end user.
-->
```
>>>

# Custom filters

Please refer to each custom filter for a description of their purpose.

>>>
__TODO__: At the top of each custom filter, describe the purpose and dependencies using comments.

i.e.

```java
/**
  This filter removes the client's name from the title so that theres less redundant text on the search results page.
**/
```
>>>

# Public UI hook scripts

Please refer to each hook script for a description of their purpose.

>>>
__TODO__: At the top of each Public UI hook script, describe the purpose and dependencies using comments.

i.e.

```java
/**
  This hook_preprocess.groovy script will force funnelback to return all results of no query is specified. This is required for listing all courses on the homepage.
**/
```
>>>

# Workflow scripts

Please refer to each workflow script for a description of their purpose.

>>>
__TODO__: At the top of each workflow scripts, describe the purpose and dependencies using comments.
>>>

# Relevancy Ranking

>>>
__TODO__: Describe any relevant "relevancy ranking" configurations. This can included but not limited to:

* qie.cfg
* Collection weighting in the index.sdinfo file
* Using query processor options to upweight titles, content, recency, gscopes, url length etc.
>>>

# Update schedule
>>>
__TODO__: Describe how often/when the collection should be updated.

e.g.

* Daily at any time
* Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 3am
* Weekly at 7am on Saturday
>>>

# Other non-standard functions

>>>
__TODO__: Describe any non-standard customisation made to the backend.
>>>
