**Jump to:**

[[_TOC_]]

# Customisation Guide

## Localisation

The Program Finder can be localised by change the names of Program and Courses to better suit the language of the institution. For information on how to do this, please see [localisations](template-localisation.md).

## Result customisations

The Program Finder is a highly flexible product which provides the ability to customise many aspects of the presentation. At a minimum, it is recommended that the following be completed or reviewed:

* **Results** - The images and metadata for the results (both card and list views).
* **Quick view** - The images and metadata for the quick view.
* **Concierge** - The metadata in the program channel of concierge.
* **Cart** - The metadata of programs in the cart.

For more information can be found in [result customisations](template-result-customisations.md).

## Integration

## Auto-complete / Concierge

The Program Finder comes with auto-complete/concierge implemented out-of-the-box and will automatically activate on the search engine results page. It is also possible to implement these on other webpages. For detail instructions which are specific to the implementation, please navigate to the following url for your instance:

`https://<server>/s/search.html?collection=<collection>&form=config-auto-complete`

e.g.

http://stage-stencil-search.clients.funnelback.com/s/search.html?collection=program-finder-meta&form=config-auto-complete

## Search

There are two common ways in which the Program Finder can be integrated into existing systems.

* **Full HTML** - Funnelback will be responsible for rendering the entire search page.

* **Partial integration** - The content management system (CMS) will be responsible for rendering the search page by embedding the HTML
generated by Funneback directly into their webpages.

A form called [config-search.ftl](../_default/config-search.ftl) has been created that provides an example of the HTML
fragment which can be used in a partial integration.  

e.g.

http://stage-stencil-search.clients.funnelback.com/s/search.html?collection=program-finder-meta&form=partial

For more information about search integration, please see [HTML integration ](https://fbdocs.squiz.systems/knowledgebase/latest/higher-education-package-solution/higher-education-implementation-guide.html#html-integration) found in the Higher Education package solution implementation guide.
